#1. Privacy Checklist
The five principle I choose:

Principle 1 - Purpose of collection of personal information
Consider: 
Do I have a lawful purpose to collect users’ personal information?
I will explain the purpose of data collection in Privacy Policy.
I will ensure the collection of this information is necessary to achieve that purpose.
Principle 6 - Access to personal information 
Consider:
Do users have the access to personal information?
Users are able to access that information if it is readily retrievable.
Users can send an access request to me.
Principle 7 - Correction of personal information 
Consider:
How do users make a correction on their personal information?
Users are able to send a request and I will assist users to make the correction.
User can easily correct their information on our website.
Principle 10 - Limits on use of personal information 
Consider:
How do I use that personal information?
I must use personal information for the same purpose for which I obtained that information.
I can only use the information that is authorized by the individual concerned.
Principle 11 - Limits on disclosure of personal information
In which circomcircumstances I am able to disclose user information? 
We will release the personal information if it is forced to by statute or court order. 
We have choice that how we will disclose the information and how much information we will disclose.


2. Privacy Policy
The website I choose is The Camera Shop
URL: https://www.thecamerashop.co.nz/
Main purpose: Selling camera hardware and photo service.
The type of data that they collected: 
1.	Basic identification and contact information, such as your name and contact details. This is for create an account on the website.
2.	Your shopping history: what kind of product or service that you are looking for.
3.	Credit card information: this is for check out.
4.	The information you post on the website: comments.
5.	Sending a message: through contact us.



Demonstration the five principles in my privacy policy:
Principle 1 - Purpose of collection of personal information
It is explained under the policy 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 8. It covers all different kind of data that we collect, and it shows the purpose of collection as well.
Principle 6 - Access to personal information
It is explained under the policy 12. Users are able to review or update their personal information that we hold.
Principle 7 - Correction of personal information
It is explained under the policy 12. Users are able to review or update their personal information that we hold.
Principle 10 - Limits on use of personal information
It is explained under the policy 13. We ensure that we are not using the information for other purpose.
Principle 11 - Limits on disclosure of personal information
It is explained under the policy 11. We may disclose the information under certain circumstances.

Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy of The Camera Shop. In this document, “we” or “us” refers to thecamerashop.co.nz.
We are company number XXXXXXX registered in NZ
Our registered office is at 35 Queen Street, Warkworth 0910
This is a notice to tell you our policy about all information that we record about you. It covers both information that could identify you and information that could not.
We are extremely concerned to protect your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that all users of our web site are quite rightly concerned to know that their data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them and will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party. Our policy is both specific and strict. It complies with New Zealand laws and with the laws of all jurisdictions of which we are aware. If you think our policy falls short of your expectations or that we are failing to abide by our policy, do please tell us.
We regret that if there are one or more points below with which you are not happy, your only recourse is to leave our web site immediately.
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any personally identifiable information collected at this site.
Here is a list of the information we collect from you, either through our web site or because you give it to us in some other way, and why it is necessary to collect it:
1.	Basic identification and contact information, such as your name and contact details
Basic identification and contact information, such as your name and contact details. This information is used:
1.1.    to provide you with the services which you request;
1.2.    for verifying your identity for security purposes;
1.3.    for marketing our services and products;
1.4.    information which does not identify any individual may be used in a general way by us or third parties, to provide class information, for example relating to demographics or usage of a particular page or service.
2.	Your domain name and e-mail address
Your domain name and e-mail address are recognized by our servers and the pages that you visit are recorded. We shall not under any circumstances divulge your e-mail address to any person who is not an employee or contractor of ours and who does not need to know, either generally or specifically. This information is used:
3.1.    to correspond with you or deal with you as you expect;
3.2.    in a collective way not referable to any particular individual, for the purpose of quality control and improvement of our site;
3.3.    to send you news about the services to which you have signed up;
3.4.    to tell you about other of our services or services of sister web sites.
3.	Information you post on our website
Information you send to us by posting to a forum or blog or in your advertisement is stored on our servers. We do not specifically use that information except to allow it to be read, but you will see in our terms and conditions that we reserve a right to use it in any way we decide.
4.	Website usage information
We may use software embedded in our website (such as JavaScript) to collect information about which pages you view and how you reach them, what you do when you visit a page, the length of time you remain on the page, and how we perform in providing content to you. We do not presently associate such information with an identifiable person.
5.	Financial information relating only to your credit cards
This information is never taken by us either through our website or otherwise. At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website of Sage Pay and PayPal That page may be dressed in our “livery”, but it is not controlled by us. Our staff and contractors never have access to it.
6.	Third party advertising
Third parties may advertise on our web site. In doing so, those parties, their agents or other companies working for them may use technology that automatically collects your IP address when they send an advertisement that appears on our site to your browser. They may also use other technology such as cookies or JavaScript to personalize the content of, and to measure the performance of their adverts. We do not have control over these technologies or the data that these parties obtain. Accordingly, this privacy notice does not cover the information practices of these third parties
7.	Cookies
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
8.	Sending a message to our support system
When you send a message, we collect the data you have given to us in that message in order to obtain confirmation that you are entitled to receive the information and to provide to you the information you need.  We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our business / organisation. We do not keep any personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name or email address.
9.	Information we obtain from third parties
Although we do not disclose your personal information to any third party (except as set out in this notice), we do receive data which is indirectly made up from your personal information, from software services. No such information is identifiable to you.
10.	Use of site by children
If you are under 18, you may use our site only with consent from a parent or guardian.
11.	Disclosure to Government
Disclosure to Government and their agencies. We are subject to the law like everyone else. We may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorization such as a search warrant or court order.
12.	At any time you may review or update
At any time, you may review or update the personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by contacting us at the email address below. To better safeguard your information, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
13.	Sale of your personal information
Except as specified above, we do not rent, sell or otherwise disclose any of your information to any person outside our business.
14.	Compliance with the law
This confidentiality policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every jurisdiction in which we aim to do business. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your country, we should like to hear from you, but ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our website.
15.	Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our web site, you may contact us at support@thecamerashop.co.nz to better safeguard your information, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
 
If you have any question regarding the privacy policy, please contact us













